docs: add info about docker integration (#2120)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/fundamentals/container-integration.md

### Container integration

#### Dockerfile template

> Here a `Dockerfile` template that you can use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a `Dockerfile` template that can be used as a template:
```
